Add a link to the santa-pwn challenge (#1377)
freedomofpress/dangerzone: README.md

_Read more about Dangerzone in the [official site](https://dangerzone.rocks/about/)._

> [!NOTE]

> > 🎅 Check out our [Christmas security challenge](https://github.com/freedomofpress/santa-pwn-dangerzone/), in which we ask security researches to craft a _naughty_ letter that can pwn Dangerzone in Santa's laptop, and earn a bounty of up to $3,000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 🎅 Check out our [Christmas security challenge](https://dangerzone.rocks/news/2025-12-10-santa-pwn/), in which we ask security researchers to craft a _naughty_ letter that can pwn Dangerzone in Santa's laptop, and earn a bounty of up to $3,000.
```
